LANCASTER COUNTY BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 2026, AT 9:00 AM
COUNTY-CITY BUILDING, ROOM 112
COMMISSIONERS: Christa Yoakum, Chair; Chelsea Johnson, Vice Chair;
Sean Flowerday, Matt Schulte, and Rick Vest
NOTE: The North Lot Parking Garage (425 S. 10th St.) is closed for construction and is anticipated to reopen in early to
mid-2027. Visitors are encouraged to review updated parking locations, trolley information, and FAQs
at Lincoln.ne.gov/MMTC (see Parking tab). On-street parking around the County-City Building remains limited to two
hours.
This meeting is subject to the Nebraska Open Meetings Act. Written materials to be discussed at today’s meeting can be
viewed on the County’s website at lancaster.ne.gov. Printed copies are available upon request.
Members of the public wishing to speak on items specific to today’s agenda are asked to do so after a motion on that item
has been made and seconded. The Chair will recognize and call forward those wishing to speak. Each speaker is limited
to one appearance of up to five minutes, and that time may not be reserved, transferred, or otherwise assigned to other
speakers. Time limits may be extended or reasonably decreased at the discretion of the Chair.
Members of the public wishing to speak on items relating to other County business not on the agenda may speak during
the Public Comment period of the agenda. The Chair will recognize and call forward those wishing to speak. Each
speaker is limited to one appearance of up to five minutes, and that time may not be reserved, transferred, or otherwise
assigned to other speakers. These time limits may be extended or reasonably decreased at the discretion of the Chair.
The Public Comment period will be limited to thirty minutes.
Those who speak are asked to print their name and address on the sign-up sheet located on the dais, stating verbally for
the record their first and last names and any organization they represent.
For more information, please refer to the Guidelines for Public Participation at Meetings of the Lancaster County Board of
Commissioners, as adopted by Resolution R-24-0042.
1. MINUTES – Approval of the minutes of the Board of Commissioners meeting held on September 1, 2026.
2. CLAIMS
A. Approval of the claims processed through September 4, 2026.
B. Approval of a claim to El Centro de las Americas in the amount of $11,662.33 (Batch 338855,
Document 940905).
C. Approval of a claim to The Mediation Center in the amount of $4,000. (Batch 338831, Document
940836).
1